2 Holy Dragon save me
The deity acts according to the rules
Who dares to stop
If you are really a member of my Heavenly Sect
I don't care.
But you are not
What does that mean?
Grand Elder
Don't you think this whole thing has some tricks?
He is a gas practitioner
It stands to reason that he can't even pass the entry trial
And he is practicing with heaven and earth in his hands
He also passed the trial of Xuanyin Sect
Everything says
He is the inner sword of Xuanyin Sect
Xuanyin Sect, he just wants to annex our Tianzong
No wonder you want to get rid of the old man
There is such a sinister intention behind it
Nonsense
Elder Dong had to doubt
How much did you benefit from eating this kid?
And I suspect that you will concoct alchemy for him today
I had a premeditated plan with this kid
You, Great Elder
Don't believe the nonsense of the second elder
Antelope and Xuanyin Sect have nothing to do with each other
Was he wronged?
I will naturally investigate
But before that
Yi Yang
You'd better hand over the Heaven and Earth Order first
I didn't expect Tianzong to be so shameless
You're so protective of him
Enough to prove
He is the mole from your Xuanyin Sect
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and call me the heaven and earth order
This deity has spent so much effort to support Tianzun
It is entirely based on the face of my disciples
I didn't expect there to be so many residences in Tianzong
This deity also doesn't mind reshuffling Tianzong
Ok, I'll take a look.
Give you a decoration for practicing chess
How to make my Tianzong reshuffle
I'd like to see who can protect your sword
Heaven and Earth Order is here
Fight if you have the guts